hello how about youtube friends today
I'm going to teach how to make rock in
our tablet 5
from our tablet 5
Well, this process is very simple,
we need the computer
we just need the pure tablet we're going to
open the applications menu
we are going to address prehistory
Estelle or in a video this tutorial
and the truth I never imagined it was like that
it is very easy and simple to do
let's go here and let's look for super boozer
and I have
we go to the application as I did
the routing I will explain how to do it
that is all this I am going to close with the
double good since they have installed it
your
not wait for him to load
it's called everything here let's be able to wait
and now we enter here in this box
where you start from binaries you are going to
appear another that gave system and both
is that the one is already surrounded but
factory and
let's disable this this button that
is here
it's going to be activated and we 're going to
off and we see that it is and we
and here where there are seminars or we are going to
open it
here you will decide downloading manifest and
as I already have the latest version you
nothing else will they give you to update
and this has to say right but
if not, if it says something wrong at the end
it says one let's update again
and he will grab
and since that is already we have rootear
our tablet I already have the program
kitchen file
cpu as you can see let's open the cpu
but they have got permission from
superuser there is and we have
root access on our tablet 5
and we can already enjoy the benefits
to be root good friends thanks for watching
this video subscribe your thanks
I'm going to put the link for you
put me like
and well this is all until next time